Johnny!
Johnny, come on!
Ready to go?
Just gotta say one more goodbye.
- The car's already here.
- Don't worry. I know where she is.
Stop!
Come here.
I told you. You cannot be here.
This is for students only!
What was that?
That's enough!
Respectfully, Master Kim,
you should be training her,
not punishing her for wanting to learn.
You are sensei here?
No?
You go back to America
and be sensei.
Here, you are student.
Not very good student
if you ask for mercy.
I know the lesson.
And when the circumstances called for it,
I didn't show mercy.
Circumstance?
Lesson for whole life.
I will teach you again.
And this time,
you will never forget.
What do you mean?
She should be learning.
She is learning right now.
So you'll teach her then?
My granddaughter.
My lesson.
Hi-yah!
You attack
your own grandfather?
Are you afraid?
Oh yeah?
Then you're finally ready.
You will stop hiding
and begin training tomorrow.
"Not all of us have to
learn how to walk twice in one lifetime."
"But we do all have to learn how
to pick ourselves back up when we're down
and stand firmly on our own two feet."
"In the end, I learned that first steps
are harder the second time around."
"I hope my next step
brings me to Stanford University."
I'm so proud.
I'm gonna cry!
This is brilliant.
It's the greatest story
since Don Juan DeMarco.
Oh, now I'm crying too.
Go more for the jugular
at the end.
- They'll be begging you to go there.
Okay.
What do you think?
It's great.
Even though I'm kind of the bad guy in it.
Uh, I… I'll change your name. I--
No, dude. I'm… I'm kidding.
It's not like I'm applying to Stanford.
Or anywhere, really.
Come on, Robby. You have great futures
ahead of you, both of you.
When we win the Sekai Taikai,
doors will be flying open for all of us.
I… Hey, it's okay.
Hey, hey, easy with the waterworks.
- Rob, the bowls!
- It's a sewage pipe.
Oh, it smells like shit.
Yeah, well, it's unlivable.
When are you gonna fix it?
That's bullshit, Sully.
- He said he's working on it.
We have to look at the big picture.
We're a family of five, almost six.
And now we're down to two bedrooms.
And Miguel wants to go to a college
we don't have the money for.
- How are we going to make this work?
It's like I've been saying.
The tournament will fix this.
All right? It's gonna bring in
students and sponsorships.
The tournament is still months away.
What do we do in the meantime?
I hear you.
I'm gonna take care of it.
I still have
some really good memories here.
Even when your grandfather's idea
of training was more like torture.
But he was true to his word though.
He began training me the day you left.
I'm sorry I wasn't there for you
back in the Valley.
- But Silver just--
Silver is gone now.
I did come to America hoping to see you,
but I was blinded by the promise
of bringing Grandfather's karate
to the world.
That promise can still be kept.
With Cobra Kai,
you earned a spot in the Sekai Taikai.
I say we go win it.
I would say yes, but…
it is not up to me.
Master Kim.
Seniors are invited to the student
center for a lunchtime college fair.
Representatives from four-year colleges…
- Hey.
- Hey. Whoa, you got a lot of brochures.
Yeah, okay, but don't be worried.
At least three are close to Stanford.
Oh, come on.
I haven't even gotten in. Please.
- Hey!
- What's up?
All of our trials and tribulations
of nerdom have finally come to this.
- We're the belles of the ball.
- Is that what we are?
Oh, yes, my friend.
They are fumbling around our dresses
trying to cop a feel
of our tantalizing brains.
- Okay, that's where I leave you.
- I'm sorry.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
These vultures are
wasting their time though.
Eli and I have had our sights set
on MIT for years.
Are you applying early decision
to Stanford?
Yeah, definitely.
But I should look into some safety schools
too. Stanford's pretty expensive.
Hey, fam.
You bros looking to post up
at a college a little closer to home,
or what's the word?
Well, Gary, the word is
we'll be taking our brodeo on the roadeo.
But, um, thank you
for all of your bro-vertures.
All right, bet.
But safety schools get a bad rap.
They keep you closer to home,
set you up for a big school later,
and they take that weight
off Mom and Pop's wallet.
Thanks.
Is this a Johnny Lawrence pop-in?
What the hell is a pop-in?
I came to borrow your blow-up mattress.
All right, come in.
We're having an issue with the pipes.
- Carmen's place is flooded.
- Oh, I'm sorry, Johnny.
We're all staying at my house
until it's fixed.
Unless I can find us
someplace better to rent.
Ah, sellers' market.
Not a good time to rent.
I don't need advice from a guy
who's just here on a karate vacation.
How do you know what kind of market it is?
Selling Sunset, Property Brothers,
all my shows.
Maybe take Chozen with you.
Use his expertise.
Yeah, and who knows,
maybe you'll find yourself
a short-term rental, you know?
All right.
You guys throw that air mattress
in the van.
I'm gonna grab one of those
special PB&Js for the road.
- You need anything?
- Diet Dr. Pepper.
Nothing for me. Thanks.
Master Kim.
I'm glad to see
the way of the fist is alive and well.
Just like you.
But the time has come to spread
your teachings to the rest of the world.
With your blessing,
we will take the place
that your granddaughter has earned
in the Sekai Taikai
for Cobra Kai.
No.
Master Kim, maybe you did not understand.
I understand.
My granddaughter went to America.
She made promises.
She failed.
Grandfather.
- It was Silver--
- Excuses!
This is why you will never be master.
Your incompetence is why
I must stay alive.
Success is in our reach.
We will not get another chance.
Fools
always focus on prize.
Never see enemies standing in way.
No one will stand in our way.
Never good student.
Never good sensei.
Such a disappointing sensei.
Did Kim tell you how one of my students
disposed of five of yours?
Ah.
He still has some fight.
Yeah.
I give you chance.
Prove self.
Here, you'll see
our multi-level library,
the fourth largest
in the San Fernando Valley.
What are we doing here?
If the University of Phoenix
wasn't online, it'd be this.
Chillax, okay?
I still need to keep my options open.
Yo, bro, go long!
- The chemistry lab was rebuilt in 1993--
- Got it.
Oh, sick grab, boy!
- Yeah!
You just got Brucksed!
You're welcome, homey.
- Oh. What's up, guys?
- Kyler, you go to school here?
Nah, it's more like this school
goes to me. You know what I mean?
What's up, Brucks?
You… you look good, man.
Thanks, man. All new teeth.
Swallowed the old ones when you--
Yeah, I'm really sorry about that, dude.
I… I was in a bad place then, and--
It's all good, buddy.
Play karate games,
win karate prizes, you know?
Hey, it helped me get my life on track.
Ad meliora. "Toward better things."
Sick.
- See you at the house?
- Bet.
Yes, sir. Let's go!
Wait, so you and Brucks both go here.
That makes sense.
No, he's just visiting. He goes to MIT.
I'm sorry. Did you say MIT?
Yeah, and he's killing it too.
So what's up, guys?
We hanging out or what?
Shit, this place is perfect.
It's got stairs and everything.
Do not fall in love with first house.
We still have others to see.
Ah, there's agent.
Typical LA asshole.
Big watch.
Dumb haircut.
All lies.
Gentlemen.
- Follow my lead.
- What do we think?
Prime spot, right?
- I'm Baz. And you are?
- Oh, Chozen Toguchi.
So nice to meet you.
Uh, it is my honor
to introduce to you Mr. John Lawrence.
Toguchi? I… I don't know you.
Who are you with?
Uh, independent realtor.
Very select clientele only.
Mr. Lawrence. It's a pleasure.
Uh, can I ask what you do?
Oh, he is partner
in emerging Valley business.
Well, that sounds promising.
So, what do we think?
Four bedrooms. 2,100 square feet.
- Upgraded appliance--
- I'll stop you there.
I'm ready to take this off your hands.
Uh, well, I… I appreciate that,
but it's a pretty competitive situation.
- Is that your car?
- Oh, hell yeah.
Gonna have that parked here day and night.
Let everyone know who's the new king.
Okay, so it would… it would just be you?
Oh, hell no. If it was just me,
I'd be sleeping in the car.
Uh, no. There's my girl.
Haven't made an honest woman of her yet,
but as soon as I can afford a ring,
bam, you know what I'm saying?
She's knocked up, so baby makes three.
Then there's our boys. And then Rosa.
She's a sweet Ecuadorian lady.
Likes to smoke weed all day. You're gon--
We are prepared to offer $200 over asking.
- Like hell we are.
- I'm sorry.
But my client is looking for a tenant
who's a little bit more stable.
Who are you calling unstable?
I'll knock that dumb haircut
right off your stupid face.
- Show you how unstable I am.
- Johnny.
What? You're the one who said
he had a dumb haircut. I'm just agreeing.
This land was once
under Japanese colonial rule.
When I was just a boy,
invaders try
to conscript me into military,
so I flee into forest
and take shelter in cave.
But invaders find me.
So I fight them
using my father's eunjangdo,
ancient family knife.
I kill a dozen men
before I lose eunjangdo.
You want to prove self,
return knife to me.
But be warned.
In that darkness,
you will find more than just eunjangdo.
Eunjangdo.
Hello, gorgeous.
I'm gonna take that knife,
whether you like it or not.
Whoo! I love college!
Woo-hoo!
Whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo!
Bro, you wanna see a party trick?
I can't believe Brucks got into MIT.
And was he speaking Latin earlier?
I don't know. Maybe your fists
unlocked his dormant brain.
Hey, you… you gotta really
come over to my place, man.
I got this, like, snake with…
Even after everything,
Kyler still lands on his feet.
Hey, Shitbreath!
Did I tell you you could drink my beer,
bitch boy?
N-No, sir, Mr. Zenker.
Oh. Ugh.
That shit is stale.
Go make me some jungle juice.
Yes, sir, Mr. Zenker.
Whoo!
Got that happy juice.
- You gonna let him talk to you like that?
- Nah. What?
That's just how they talk around here,
bro. You know, we good.
But once I get done pledging,
I'm gonna run this shit.
- Okay.
- Tell… Hey… Yo, hold up. Hold up.
Taste this, bro.
"Trash juice."
Okay, thanks. Yeah.
My boy! That's what I'm talking about!
That's how you know it's ready.
Spikes! Spikes! Spikes! Spikes!
Spikes! Spikes! Spikes! Spikes! Spikes!
Yeah, chug that shit, Spikes!
Spikes! Spikes! Spikes! Spikes!
Yeah!
♪ I'm gonna get you closer to the… ♪
I am seriously considering a new haircut.
Hey, what's up, bro?
- Where's Shitbreath with the jungle juice?
- I don't know.
If he wasn't doing all the bitchwork,
I'd say we just ditch his ass.
We're definitely ditching him
once pledging's over.
He gets into this frat over my dead body.
Yeah! I like it.
Are you blaming me for that clown douche's
attitude back there?
No, not blaming you.
But what happened to embracing Miyagi-Do?
I have embraced Miyagi-Do.
I'm doing all sorts of breathing exercises
and karate yoga bullshit at the dojo.
Miyagi-Do not just for dojo.
Miyagi-Do is a way of life.
Sacred.
Miyagi-Do come from here. Never here.
Understand?
I probably shouldn't have insulted
that guy's haircut.
Was stupid haircut.
Come. Second chance.
Oh man, this place is even better.
Oh crap.
Twice in one day.
Look, man, I was out of line.
Yeah. Yeah, that you were.
There's the door.
- There are other houses.
- Not in South Reseda.
Look, you wanna be a stone's throw away
from Encino without paying Encino prices,
I'm the guy you go through.
And if you think
I'm gonna rent a house to a degenerate
with a weird car and a sketchy family,
I got news for you.
It ain't happening, chief.
If you gentlemen will excuse me,
you can excuse yourselves.
Hey, sorry about that, man.
Hey, guys.
I hope Baz didn't scare you off.
Are you John Lawrence?
Yeah. I haven't kicked your ass before,
have I? 'Cause you got that look.
No. No. I saw you fight
in the All Valley in '83.
I was in middle school.
You probably wouldn't remember me.
Unless you do. Little Stevie.
Jerry's brother's friend.
I used to moonwalk to class.
You were awesome. You had insane skills.
- You catch '84?
- No, I missed that one.
Remember Dutch?
Dutch was so fricking cool.
- Yeah, yeah, he's in prison.
- So cool, dude.
Well, it's a great place
to turn your life around.
So what's an All Valley champ
fricking prom king
doing at Little Stevie's house?
- I am his--
- It's all right. I got this.
Listen, man. I got off on the wrong foot
with your agent.
I'm just a guy looking
to make a better life for his family.
Teenage boys,
pregnant girlfriend, her mom.
I know I may not be the ideal tenant,
but, uh, you know, I can really see
a place like this becoming my home.
You'd wanna rent my house for real?
I… I'd be honored.
How's your credit?
Can't imagine it's any good.
Wealthy relative who died?
- Unfortunately, he's still alive.
- That's a bummer.
Listen, a place like this
is in anybody's reach
with a steady income
and a solid deposit, stuff like that.
I actually own
a couple of houses around here,
so if you get your financials on track,
I'm sure we can work something out.
Yeah?
Hell yeah.
- All right.
- Hell yeah, John Lawrence.
John Lawrence.
John Lawrence!
See?
Good karma.
What is happening to me?
You're all messed up, Johnny.
But you did this to yourself.
You did this to me.
All I ever did was be your friend.
No.
You're the true enemy standing in my way.
You seem to have forgotten.
You're my weakness,
but I'm not yours.
You should be rotting in a cell.
Sorry to disappoint you.
Is that what you think I am? Disappointed?
I think you're misguided.
Now, whose fault is that?
You must really hate me.
Do you even understand
how much that hurts me?
I don't care.
You are the only person
to make me feel this
pain.
And I never feel fear
except when I fear for you.
And I never show mercy.
Except… to you.
But never again.
So you finally understand.
Yes. You are my weakness.
You compromised your teachings.
The teachings of your master.
For me.
I thought you were the answer.
My reason.
But all you really are
is just the enemy…
standing in my way.
Uh, excuse me, Brucks.
Hey.
Uh, so we hear that you go to MIT?
Oh yeah.
What did you get on your SATs?
Some ketchup.
Just kidding!
I don't know. I mean, like, 790, 780.
Oh shit!
Freshie!
- Let's go. Load it up.
- 1570 SATs?
- Load it up.
- I have no words.
I don't know nothing about Stanford, Rhea,
but this place is lit!
When you get here next year,
I'm gonna have it on lockdown.
- You sure you're getting into this frat?
- "Sure?"
Bro, does the Pope shit with a funny hat?
Kyler, I gotta tell you something.
Where's my vacuum?
Oh shit.
Yo, vacuum. Clean this up.
- Nah, man, I'm good.
- Hey!
Listen, Shitbreath.
You want in,
get on the ground and be the vacuum.
Is he getting in?
How about you stay out of this?
Suction mode, on.
Oh my God!
Enough!
Why don't you tell him the truth?
The truth about what, man?
Well, we had a good run.
The truth is that you are never,
and I mean never, getting into this frat.
Your loss.
Bitch, don't you know I know karate?
♪ Crank it up, crank it up ♪
♪ Crank it up… ♪
Who else wants some of this shit?
♪ Crank it up, crank it up ♪
Woo-hoo!
♪ The party don't start till we come ♪
♪ Yo, tell you what to do ♪
♪ Stop, man, and turn up this tune! ♪
♪ Walls are shaking, hips quaking ♪
♪ I only like booty with a side of bacon ♪
♪ Yo, I came to get down ♪
♪ The noise complaints and get loud ♪
♪ I'm a womanizer like Captain Kirk ♪
♪ Gimme honeys and I'll go to work ♪
♪ Girls, they see me
And they go berserk… ♪
- Nowhere to go.
- Yeah?
♪ Not here to mess around
Not here to bargain ♪
♪ I'm royalty so break out the Charmin ♪
♪ I always wipe twice for good measure ♪
♪ One for business and one for pleasure ♪
♪ Crank it up, crank it up ♪
♪ Crank it up, yeah, crank it up ♪
♪ Crank it up… ♪
I love this kind of party!
♪ When I'm on the mic, go ham ♪
♪ Damn, I'm only here to get slammed ♪
♪ Young Jay-Z, I am ♪
♪ Switch up the game, that's the plan ♪
♪ Watch the kicks, Jordan 3s ♪
♪ Flow like water, Bruce Lee ♪
♪ Half yellow, half white, banana split ♪
- ♪ Spin the record ♪
- ♪ Oh shit ♪
♪ Dropping riddles
Like a bag of Skittles ♪
♪ Spinning the rainbow
Lower than your chain go ♪
♪ Cut the carpet with my Reeboks ♪
♪ Breakdance down to my socks ♪
♪ Crank up the volume and let it bump ♪
♪ Move and shake your body
Jiggle your rump ♪
♪ I don't make the rules, I enforce it ♪
♪ Crank that, smack that ass and toss it ♪
♪ Beyblade, let it rip ♪
♪ I'm the chip and you're the dip ♪
♪ Grab your girly by the hips and we can ♪
♪ Crank it up, crank it up ♪
♪ Crank it up, yeah, crank it up ♪
♪ Crank it up, crank up the volume… ♪
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
Let's go!
- Let's freaking go, man!
- Hey. Where's Brucks?
Oh shit!
Get Brucksed!
Yeah!
Someone should
call campus security.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
♪ Crank it up, crank up the volume ♪
It's time to talk turkey, LaRusso. I know
I just became an official Miyagi-Do sensei
but I'm owed some back pay.
And not entry-level. I want Chozen's rate.
Huh. Deal.
Okay, great. Should I see
your girl out front to cut me a check?
Johnny, Chozen doesn't get paid.
What?
So you're just using free immigrant labor?
That's a scumbag move,
even for a car dealer.
Nobody gets paid.
That's the whole spirit of Miyagi-Do.
No salaries. No dues.
I'm not saying
it's gonna be like that forever.
- I mean, if we win the Sekai Taikai--
- That's not soon enough.
I gotta show ongoing income if I wanna
get my family into a killer house.
Something like that takes time, man.
All right. I'm trying here, man.
I'm working the Miyagi-Do program.
I didn't kick that guy's ass today.
I thought that was
supposed to change things.
I'm glad you didn't beat anybody up.
That's a positive step.
- Asshole totally deserved it.
- Yeah, I'm… I'm sure he did.
Look, Johnny,
Miyagi-Do is not a quick fix.
It's a way of life. I know. I used to say
the same crap about Cobra Kai.
It's not crap.
It actually can help you
become a more centered person.
But that doesn't mean
your problems are gonna go away overnight.
What am I supposed to do, man?
Do what I do.
Maybe it's time you ditch the gig work,
you know, and get a real 9 to 5.
Come on out, you son of a bitch.
Oh.
Round two.
Yeah.
This time, you're not gonna get me
'cause I got my eyes…
on the real prize.
Ais!
Oh. Oh, are you gonna… Oh. Oh!
Oh. Damn!
Man, why are the ghosts so fast?
All right, enough.
You gotta tell us
what is going on with MIT.
I mean, did you cheat on the SATs or what?
Fine. I lied.
I didn't get a 790. I got a 750.
I just wanted to impress you guys
'cause you're smart and stuff.
Five hundred of it was in English though.
Wait. You got 750 total?
Yeah.
What? Why are you guys
so worried about this anyway?
Because we want to go to MIT.
You wanna learn to fix washing machines?
It's not that hard.
"Midwest Industrial Training."
"Ad meliora." Great, man.
That's… That… That's incredible.
I'm stoked.
So, uh, you guys want me
to make a call or something?
Yeah, my dad, he was super pissed
when I didn't get into any schools.
I agree. I slacked off.
I'm a freaking idiot, man.
You know, I had goals.
I had dreams.
I just didn't stick with them.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Actually, I… I… I do.
Like, I could have gone
to a great party school,
not a safety party school.
The safety is always gonna be there, bro.
You gotta chase after that damn dream.
Yeah, that's…
that's actually
some great advice, Kyler. Yeah.
You think West Valley High
will let me back in?
Why would you…
Hey, are you the guys that got into
the fight at the Theta Omega house?
Um…
Hey, those guys are assholes.
They deserve it.
Did someone really knock out Zenker?
Yeah, man. Uh, say less, man.
That was me.
Dude. Legend!
Listen, man. If… if you're looking
for another house, you're in.
No hazing.
Just, uh, as long as you can be
that badass all the time.
Yeah? I used to kick this guy's ass
all over the Valley.
- Tell them, Rhea.
- It's… it's true.
- You should come by tomorrow.
- All right.
Hey.
- Excuse me one sec.
- Okay.
Hey, Johnny. What's going on?
I've been thinking
about your offer to work here.
- I decided let's give it a whirl.
- I… I… I… didn't exactly say--
I'm all for playing the slow game.
I fixed the leak at the apartment.
Even though I didn't get that house,
it got rented to someone else,
I'm gonna be ready
to pounce on the next one.
Where do I park my briefcase?
Uh, j-just excuse me. One… one second.
We can give him Robby's old job
filling the popcorn machine.
He thinks I offered him my job.
What do you think's in the briefcase?
My money's on a bologna sandwich
and a pile of junk mail.
Not helpful. Okay?
He's finally embracing Miyagi-Do.
I gotta come up with something.
Ooh!
Someone sold a car.
Congratulations.
You're gonna look so hot in this.
Oh. Thank you.
Hi. I'm Daniel LaRusso.
Oh, I know who you are.
May I just say that your salesperson,
John, is a real treasure.
He made me feel so comfortable.
You know, so many salespeople
just come at you so strong.
Sometimes you have to be aggressive,
but it's important
to listen to the customer.
It's all about balance.
Well, I'm gonna send my whole family here.
Well, John here would be happy
to help all of them.
Welcome to the LaRusso family.
Thanks, man.
What are you waiting for?
Get the lady her bonsai.
You don't--
You sent him to die.
I sent him to face death.
There is a difference.
Mm.
The prize.
It's not about the prize.
It's about eliminating
what stands in the way.
So now you understand.
Then, finally, we are ready.
And nothing will ever
stand in our way again.